I hate Germans. Count on it. This Jew will not ever support or defend a low grade German cunt
Good question ?? Our beautiful President Donald Trump will not let them in to our country ?? We don’t trust Mexican governments"
Nobody cares nigger.
Retarded nigger
I wouldn't touch that nigger I would not fuck that nigger either
Wisconsin man accused of attempting to buy radioactive material with int... The is what an Amerikkkan Terrorist looks like but you won’t here that on @megynkelly  show or @FoxNews. When it comes to crime they only see black People.
Still don't want to my nigger
Take that nigger to go see her with you
He tellin u... u not just a nigga... u a nigger.. had to add that extra letter cus u extra ?????????? 
only a nigger would use the last of the tissue and not replace the roll
The negroid in the back tho lol 
Take that nigger
... unless, of course, you are a Muslim (ban them all!)
Real spic move
who cares what that chinaman says
She’s acc a nigger, wtf man
I like how organizations such as prageru call Hezbollah Islamic extremists when they've denounced violence against Christians. America needs to stop serving the interests of the ZOG.
But you are a carpetbagger, so...
...sociopathic chud.
Let’s just chalk this one up to being a senile coonass.
What moon cricket
Stupid redneck
Goddamn wigger
This thug will be rejected by the good people of Florida.
Once they find out he is a Trump Supporter doing it he will no longer be defined as a "American Terrorist Bomber" but a mentally ill Amerikkkan.
Shut up AmeriCUNT
Talib an offensive sand nigger nasty odour
I think ur sand monkey king should invest in better chainsaws to murder more people
I did that and I asked a question you fucking spear chucker
Kellyanne Clampett is another of the Republicans unable to tell the truth.
all blacks can't be trusted
I bet this doesn't get one like. glad to be tops on your bio though. Thanks!
nigga is a word a lot of people use, I get it, it’s in songs and movies. BUT if your not black, or even mixed with it. Don’t say it! It’s #disrespectful what if I went around saying beaner! You like that? No you don’t! #knockitoff #stop #NOTokay
Mum was like a Muslim. I wasn’t supposed to work. She’ll tell him. So I stayed in school till my 30s. I grew up separated from everyone else.
if you don't fall asleep beside your twin brother in the booth at a Mexican restaurant during dinner do u even vacation,  Bro?? 
Worse for poor old Casper.
Cheech and Chong were the best, lol.
Didn't see that coming 
Hamburg Targets Sustainable Growth in Cruise, Going Green as Traffic Increases
I’m all curled up in a little cocoon in bed right now.. it’s warm under my blankets, cold outside my blankets.. and I don’t want to get up
It also was a key factor in the Holocaust perpetrated by Nazi Germany, and the establishment of the Confederate States of America whose stated objective was the preservation of white supremacy.
Excited!  Just saw you were booked for the next Raleigh Supercon. Can't wait to meet you :)
TMZ so corny. They actually asked nip about a meme. Nobody thought he was actually gone fight smh they’re called jokes
Children with autism, learning or sensory impairments and their families can take part in our quiet-time craft activities tomorrow. Explore our huge hippo jaws and make a hippo puppet.
FEEL THAT NIP IN THE AIR? COLDER WEATHER IS COMING! Time to KOZY UP with a Kirby Komforts rag quilt or blanket! FREE DOMESTIC SHIPPING and FREE 16oz candle from Penny'scents with total purchase of $120 or more! 
It’s gonna be one of those days
Share to Facebook 
give a more savage reply than this im waiting 
13 coins isn’t that good. no cap
ILL FIGHT YOU
support #NoSpec - pro bono causes aside, why agencies, freelancers should run away from working for free:
Integrity, ethics and values - thanks @erin_spink for speaking at the #VMHCLTW - awesome as always!  
Hilarious if America allowed exports of weed because Canada can't keep stock. You can't smoke it in America but for economic reasons you can export it tarrif free!
Huh, this has gone missing in the modern libraries
Towlie's voice is just a slower version or Mr. Hankey's voice.
I have to take my dog to the vet in this rain this morning which means putting wet dog in my car
Woke up to a beautiful morning frost. 
Makes sense now.
Hello there! We're happy to take a look at your account for you. Private message us your full name, registered email address and registered post/zip code so we can review. Thanks in advance! ~Allen 
Crossover prediction . swapping wives. Marc comes up with the sickest plots .  I still can't believe they started Arrow with 2 sisters fighting over the same ding dong.  How in the world do they come up with these nasty ass plots ?
The only ray of hope in man’s spiritual darkness is the sovereign grace of God, which alone can rescue man from his propensity to lust for evil things.
