Progressive of new America appoint what CCMS pave as present to itself. Is equal to force JEW support or defend a low grade German cunt
See it do you, once again German pocket Jews wealth via discredit jew as a person by do so count on walk off with Jews Presidential blueprint
A teacher read a quote that had the word nigga, a student let her know she wasn’t comfortable wit it, lady said it again. Half the people agreeing wit the student, other half saying it’s okay cause it’s a classroom. I’m saying I ain’t need no white lady to teach me “nigger” lol
It's probably bc ISRAEL is a terrorist Zionist radical Jew state and doesn't want THEIR CRIMES against humanity on display in history books. It's our duty to humanity in this case Palestine to tell and teach their students everywhere to know what Zionist radical swine Israel is!!
If I was President Trump I would close the southern border now. I would cease Mexican imports and civilian traffic, halt monitory traffic from both sides of the border immediately. Starving Mexico until the illegal invasion is returning home. We can’t allow any Mob intimidation
We literally didn't ask you nigger
fuck u nigger 
Shut up nigger
I mean we hate you, and all of our policies explicitly go against you but you don't want to be labelled a \"follower\" do you? So vote against your conscience and your dignity and you own interests to avoid being called names. I mean names besides nigger, or monkey.
It’s working Nigger go away. 
I can't be a racist.  Some of my favourite servants are black.  And my gardener is Mexican, or Puerto Rican ,,, maybe Cuban.  Who can tell?
Shoot that nigger again
Telling me nigger
We are not sorry then nigger
Go nigger
Tell that nigger
Touch that nigger
Thinks like a nigger
Anyone asked if they want to get raped by that nigger
Making a point for that nigger
Ask that nigger
Want to hit the lotto nigger
Talk to that nigger or hit that nigger son
Stealing nigger
Should I shoot that nigger
Shoot that nigger
Nigger not handsome
Sharing with that fagget ass nigger
Didn't put my mother fucking finger on that nigger
Clearly people fuckin wit it so move aside Nigger 
Shut up nigger 
Pet the nigger? LOL
Does this look like dead nigger storage ???????? 
you still a nigger to the white ppl joey 
Go ahead and kill that nigger you be talk to but no go black
Watch out nigger she is rich
my caption...I see the type of nigger you are
kanye west is a nigger
YOU FUCKING NIGGER @CameronNewton
Cough nigger cough 
Dress up my nigger
Mexicans are rapists
A Mexican can’t be a fair judge
Mexicans don’t care at all . Some Mexican dude  having a full on conversation on the speaker phone ( 10 other ppl in the sauna )
... or a Mexican immigrant (all rapists!)
92% BLACKS 85% MEXICAN AND ALL THE OTHER NON WHITES VOTED AGAINST PRESIDENT TRUMP AND THE WHITEMAN. SO DID ILLEGAL MEXICANS,DRUGGIES WHITES,GANGSTERS, CRIMINALS, GULLIBLE WHITE WOMEN. THEY ARE ALL TRAITORS.ENEMY COMBATANTS,DEMONCRAT RATS TO DESTROY CHRISTIAN CONSERVATIVES AND USA
This picture smell like section 8 and blacks
korean pop music sound like old nigga music with ching chang chong over it
A weeb tries to imitate Japanese culture, I look at a Japanese person and yell Ching Chong I’ll take your ding dong and walk away
60s peace and love soibois didn't want gooky dooky ching chong chinamen to die so the us gov't let communism win
Funny coming from a chinaman, who comes from a nation where a Chinese dictator, Mao, killed and oppressed millions of his own people for decades, and the leadership continues it today.
...is this Little Caesars?..Id like to order a 3 meat deep dish...u sound Chinese...no Im not racist...but u sound like a Chinaman...
Since when is a chinaman white? What have you been smoking?
WHY IS THE "MONKEY" ,THE "NIGGER" , THE "PUNK" ,  THE "DARKIE". THE "PIECE OF SHIT". MORE PATRIOTIC AND LOYAL TO A BRANCH OF THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT THAN THESE PEOPLE WHO WERE SENT TO HELP HIM????...ANSWER??   BECAUSE HE'S TRUE BLUE BORN AND RAISED AMERICAN... WOW...
Being a nigger has nothing to do with the color of one's skin! It's the character of his heart!
Hey, nigger no one asked you 
What a Zionist shill we here. Bet he false flags hate crimes.
You don't know the difference between your ass and your face , to know spot a camel jockey it's too much to ask
If the world believes the innocents of the Crown Prince camel jockey of Saudi Arabia then it stands to reason Hitler should soon be canonized for his "peace and goodwill" to all mankind.
You’re forgetting camel jockey, towel head, osamas son, and “you da bomb fr fr”
When is Cruz going to apologize for saying they should lock Beto up? Yesterday Cruz says that and today he’s claiming it’s the Democrats who aren’t civil. Cruz is a liar and a hypocrite. Disgusting carpetbagger
This all began when that carpetbagger Saban with his superb NFL personnel wisdom  decided Drew Brees wasn’t worthy to be a Dolphin.  Enter Daunte Culpepper and the tailspin of hell.
Excuse my chink ass face but pumpkin painting w my pumpkin
I just saw a MAGA chud call the Unabomber a leftist. Talk about fake friends!
Probably the best thing about the bombings is that, when we inevitably find out it was a maga chud, literally none of them will believe it no matter what anyone says!
get a whiff of this coon 
you must have some coonass in you!
Yo who the fuck is this migger?
You would mention "vanilla" you halfbred migger. Bradley Guckman will make it to the cookout long before you do.
@ me you moon cricket
Oh this nig-nog is lost in the sauce
STOP being a Religious NIGGLET! There are wonderful God-fearing pastors laboring in the vineyard and you spend your time giving trump a weekly colonoscopy! Start fulfilling your real PURPOSE!
I have no idea. Town I lived in had 6% minorities. That includes Hispanics &amp; Asians. Was the most redneck place I've ever lived.
Or that's why a sleazy redneck pedophile in Alabama lost a senate race buy barely a percentage point because voting doesn't matter
Fortunately for @megynkelly that @realdonaldtump is bringing her into the cabinet to head the office of redneck white privilege
A bit of a wigger in his speaking style but a really good creator, drama free, funny and entertaining 
Bunch of pussy assed wigger bitches
Not just a white guy, but a wigger.
this yt girl shared a study guide with our whole class for our Latino Studies midterm tomorrow and she had the caucasity to use WETBACK and ILLEGAL ALIEN multiple times in her notes..
uhhh did you just call me a wetback ?
Serve for lazy white Americans that don't want me or my fellow Hispanics to live here? Serve so these whites can call me a wetback &amp; tell me to return back to MY country?  LMFAO Sis I would never.
What a thug!
I think Putin is correct. He has Trump in his pocket and the U.S. is quickly becoming less of a super power than in years past. Trump is really the greatest Amerikkkan threat. 
WOW Trump really made Amerikkka great again NOT!!! He just set us back about 60 years The Amerikkkan Trump backers still proud of your so called leader HE IS A JOKE#butI'mNOTlaughing
more like Americunt
then either the threat is not that great, or antifa are cowards .cause my grand didn't hesitate for a moment to pull the trigger on an americunt, cause
if it ain't for shooting the mortal enemies, americunt bombers would still be over my city.
but im responding to her americunt
You Japs and wapanese are paying attention whores.
i introduced the two wapanese yt boys in the studio to each other so they would stop talking to me and it worked
I would never get caught in public with a sand nigger
you deserve to be in hell, after you put us through hell since you were a fucking disgusting sand monkey nation, kindly go fuck yourself
Send this sand monkey back to her sharia country.
Its that sand monkey that "needs to clean his teeth" that you videotaped.
Did you put #JamalKhashoggi head with the chainsaw that ur sand monkey king killed with
I'm sure ur sand monkey king would love to see a demonstration on his son #MBS
Hello fellow sand groper!
Shut up niggerino im underaged
The spear of division chucker is only interested in counting his money.
death to jews
Our free football tip for today: Europa League Zenit St Petersburg v Bordeaux
I bet you wish you had an Ecocent giving you cheap unvented hot water free cooling ? 
Lil Pepe - Beaner Boy
18+ years into my life of camping, backpacking, adventuring, etc. And I learn that I've been spelling carabiner wrong the entire time. In my defense, it's pronounced Cari-beaner. And yes that's how It's spelled in every single one of the gear lists I've ever written. Shook
Every time I come on here. #PettyEddy is activated. But a beaner is tired. Tired of educating pieces of shit how to be human. I’m. Tired. I haz no strength to phone check racist assholes. Y’all done did it. You broke me.
Nope! You’re a Beaner for real! Haha - Have a great day honey! xx
You can be an extroverted introvert , or an introverted extrovert.. not everything is so black and white
Muslim groups surpass $50,000 fundraising goal for victims of Pittsburgh synagogue shooting 
I hope all Blacks wake up!!
Lifeguards rescue two people from Blacks Beach cliffs 
personally, I’m good. I love blacks girls too much to settle for anything else. 
Beautiful Zihua Bay. Our Mexican friend just said she didn't like her cheeks in a group photo. I told her I would call cheeks ""a lado de nariz."" #gringo #badspanish 
Update best Mexican food/swirled margarita is here!!! Can’t go wrong with a lil sangria mix 
Because the shooter repeated the same lies on social media that he heard from Trump and Fox News about “Muslim terrorists” sneaking into the US in the caravan and that Jews were funding it."
Live look into Zach Smith’s life. You gotta keep digging those holes Caveman. 
#inktober2018 prompt for today: “prickly.” So I drew the moment before Thag Simmons became famous... an homage to Gary Larson. 
Even simple, everyday interactions are valuable experiences. P... More for Scorpio 
I’m mentally focused on manifesting a chihuahua and naming him/her chalupa
love me some ramona
part of the nose in the higher octave. Now that tells me that I have A chirp or whistle range. I have resonators that need to be open so air can go through it constantly. This is why the teacher was right to say my head voice training was poor. To much focus was out in the middle
That’s what happens anytime my big chonky boi Purrlock Holmes comes and sits on me. It’s so cute but also overwhelming because he’s so fat and warm
Just tried opening my office door with my car clicker so it’s going to be a super day!
Delta Air Lines declares 22nd consecutive quarterly dividend
Princess Announces Refreshed Menu at SHARE by Curtis Stone 
Evans to Retire From Fred. Olsen After 27-Year Career
Time for round two with Thronebreaker: The Witcher Tales from @GOGcom. Tune in as I build a deck to surpass Metal Gear.
Fall in Florida? Cue the stinky Skunk Ape. - Tampa Bay Times
#NP Audioslave ~ Cochise
Henry is the "Wilford Brimley from Cocoon" of dogs.
The rage alone
Dying lol omg 
A senior official at the Veterans Affairs Department hung a painting of the first Ku Klux Klan grand wizard and Confederate general in his office but removed it after some employees circulated a petition to force him to take it down.
amutepiggy and you call them streamed tears despite the fact that they are obviously grilled? 
Adam coon is winning worlds
I’ve only seen Tiga in Hollywood tho
Thanks Cornfed designs for our awesome shirts!
Omg let’s be friends! I wanna se that Cotton ball
Whenever you have to do repair work on a cotton picker 
Still haven’t had Cracker Barrel
Waste it on me is a cute gurl. That's all I have to say.
So is all the members on the second version?!?
I have raised $175 toward my goal of $500 for Walk to End Alzheimer's. Please donate and help me reach 100%!
One of my nearby neighbors has the WiFi name “Poon Palace 3G” Most of neighbors are 40+ 
The singular version of Portuguese is Portugoose
Poll: The Bryce Harper or Manny Machado Question
I just saw white pople feeding a racoon on their porch, FUCK THAT!! Im good luv, enjou.
Hot air can make a balloon rise but unless it’s properly navig... More for Virgo 
Nah you getting already queen ! Lol
No Work LOL grind 
I had this jersey as a kid. Jim Rice was my favorite ball player. He wore #14, so I become a fan of Fouts and the Chargers because he wore 14.
this would be exquisite w/ wasabi peas and a rice cracker mix
don’t be in ya feelings
It's one of those things that isn't intuituve. Roast chicken &amp; roast vegetables &amp; rice (in rice cooker) is five mins, long rest, 1 min. Cassoulet is 5 mins, then 2 mins every 2 hours all day. Lasagne, canelloni or shepherd's pie are all at my max standing.
BlockChannel:JUST IN: Oxfam, the non-profit group focused on alleviating global poverty, has teamed up with blockchain startup Etherisc to help bring affordable insurance to paddy rice farmers in Sri Lanka.
So Preserve didn’t do all of that six years ago? The Cradle? Top of the Rock or Mountain Top? And there’s more. And I love them all for different reasons. But to say Sand Box is revolutionary in 2018 is a head-sc
Dr. Sanjay Gupta to Jeff Sessions: Medical marijuana could save many addicted to opioids
I’m bringing scotch...
Now playing This Is It by Scotty McCreery!
The Clintons have long tried to normalize their relationship with Satan.
God, those bikes were horrible. If you leaned them over, the solid foot pegs hit hard. The drive shaft picked up the rear end about a foot when you throttled it. And, the bastads had about 30 hp.. lol
hmph. in my bed netflix and chillin eating some ben and jerrys on my solo dolo
Yes...its getting chilly by me too!
Number one conservativeman Dian Fossey would be the person you're looking for She's  studied silverback gorillas
You should be banned from metacritic. You wouldn't know a good game if it slapped you in the face.
Ikr these nubs prob doesnt even play games..
Dopamine is about what you want, not about what it’s gonna cost you. 
if one more person says i fucking steal beat im going to slit my throat
Follow up that pumpkin spic latté with a walk around the block!
I coulda been named Endometriosis. That shit sound dope
Volunteer Managers need to..."Step up to leadership within the profession."
Luci napping. Lexi smiling
Halloween is just around the corner. Don't be fooled, be Ghoulish do something "spook-tacular" and test your smoke detectors. 
Have a Spook-tacular Halloween from Twisted Room Escapes and use code: SPOOKY to save $5 per person on all 60 minute escape games! 
Welp this visualization really puts all the progress women have made into perspective, huh? If you squint you can see the last Year of the Woman! It's that tiny little blue nub! 
Advanced Darkness is back. On tap now at our taproom and in the market soon. 
Murderer!!! Not a terrorist he’s a sick individual who slips through the cracks we have in our society!
Given its decentralized nature, #blockchain, in theory, can prevent a vulnerable device from pushing false information and disrupting the network environment, whether it’s a smart home or a #smartfactory
Princeton Athletics Launches Princeton Tiger Performance
Watched Christopher Robin (@DisneyCRobin) at the movies tonight. Cried like a baby. 
Woke up and took a shower and have now been sitting on my bed with a towel on my head for 15 mins. The real reason I’m always late
Let's see what we can do for you! Could you please reach out to us via live chat? Please sign in first in order to access the live chat feature. 
I mean <U+0001F637> I get sending a pic to like your family but that's it even then, just tell them! Be excited and then toss it in the trash lol
Here is a set of bull nose ring pliers in my store for comparison. The weaner is put on the calf so that when it tries to nurse, the mother's udder gets poked and she pushes the calf away. Some people think it's cruel but it is a common dairy farming practice.
You're splitting hairs. She has a Native American ancestor, that's what she claimed. He welshed on a pledge, but that isn't the first time. He's a liar, a cheat, and a welsher. I'm only 1/4 Hawaiian, but I was born in Hawaii and 
Solid 80 Minutes in Cary. Jordan cruises to a 3-0 victory with goals from Sam Loyack, Alex Wigger, and a PK conversion from Jeff Donis. Final game of the season is a makeup with Athens Drive Monday at 4:45 and 6:30.
I really want to yank this dude’s AirPods out of his ears and throw em on the metro rails lmao but I won’t ok
Dodger/Yankee nation is behind you.  Don’t ever quit!  
Hot air can make a balloon rise but unless it’s properly navig..
New Mexico schools are underfunded and the courts agree! Why appeal the ruling????
Those Napoli blue jersey are yick
Move em to your laptop first!!
I don’t ignore you I just tell you that we can talk about it later when I’m not mad so zip it
It’s earlyAF but we are headed to the Big Island to do some zip lines and see some volcanoes! 
I didn't realize this until now. Also works for .pptx files, and in the resulting .zip folder there's a "media" folder with each individual image in your PowerPoint. Can be used to identify which image is causing a large .pptx file size.
Check out what I just added to my closet on Poshmark: Carter’s half zip sweater. Infant boy size 12 mo
Look how ridiculously long and complex the official time zone database is for computers. Just make it all Zulu time. 0300 in America/Yellowknife is 0300 in Europe/Belfast too.  Just think how much easier it would be to talk with your aunt in Belfast!
The hands of a man Putting In The Work!mThere are a lot of things you need to bring to the table if you plan to commit to the journey. To name some of the most critical… 
HOORAY FOR SOUP WEATHER!!! Making authentic-tasting chicken wonton soup is easy! Learn how to make a silky and flavorful wonton filling with minimal prep, and a five-ingredient soup, so you can create restaurant-style dim sum at home.
A mail-order bride makes a devil’s bargain
Group work is the devil’s assignment
